1.	What is the single responsibility principle and how does it apply to components?
The single-responsibility principle (SRP) is a computer programming principle that states that "A module should be responsible to one, and only one, actor." The term actor refers to a group (consisting of one or more stakeholders or users) that requires a change in the module
2.	What does it mean to build a ‘static’ version of your application?
static build is a compiled version of a program which has been statically linked against libraries
3.	Once you have a static application, what do you need to add?
functionality by passing states
4.	What are the three questions you can ask to determine if something is state?
1-Is it passed in from a parent via props? If so, it probably isn’t state.
2-Does it remain unchanged over time? If so, it probably isn’t state.
3-Can you compute it based on any other state or props in your component? If so, it isn’t state.
5.	How can you identify where state needs to live?
For each piece of state in your application:
•	Identify every component that renders something based on that state.
•	Find a common owner component (a single component above all the components that need the state in the hierarchy).
•	Either the common owner or another component higher up in the hierarchy should own the state.
•	If you can’t find a component where it makes sense to own the state, create a new component solely for holding the state and add it somewhere in the hierarchy above the common owner component.

1.	What is a “higher-order function?
Functions that operate on other functions, either by taking them as arguments or by returning them
2.	Explore the greaterThan function as defined in the reading. In your own words, what is line 2 of this function doing?
•	It tests if the other number is greater than the previous on or not



3.	Explain how either map or reduce operates, with regards to higher-order functions.
 map is the name of a higher-order function that applies a given function to each element of a collection, e.g. a list or set, returning the results in a collection of the same type. It is often called apply-to-all when considered in functional form.

## Things I want to know more about
I want to practice the higher order function







Resources:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-responsibility_principle

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Static_build
https://eloquentjavascript.net/05_higher_order.html#h_xxCc98lOBK
https://reactjs.org/docs/thinking-in-react.html



